feat(serverless): faq small fixes (#3406)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-containers.mdx

## Can I whitelist the IPs of my containers?

> Serverless Containers does not yet support Private Networks. However, you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined  at [https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/)  on Managed Databases and other products that allow IP filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers does not yet support Private Networks. However, you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined  at [https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/) on Managed Databases and other products that allow IP filtering.
```

> Serverless Containers does not support Virtual Private Networks yet but you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined in the following link that can be used on Managed Databases and other products that allow IP Filtering: https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers does not yet support Private Networks. However, you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined  at [https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/)  on Managed Databases and other products that allow IP filtering.
```

## Why does my gRPC container not respond?

Containers use http1 by default, yet the gRPC protocol requires http2. You can upgrade the protocol to http2 (`h2c`).

## How does Serverless Container healthcheck work ?

> A Serverless Container is set to `ready` once the specified port is correctly bound to the container, and will start receiving traffic. If your application needs to perform some tasks before receiving traffic (e.g. connect to a DB), it's important to run them before binding to the port (starting the webserver).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Serverless Container is set to `ready` once the specified port is correctly bound to the container, and will start receiving traffic. If your application needs to perform some tasks before receiving traffic (e.g. connect to a database), it's important to run them before binding to the port (starting the webserver).
```
